Use large GCM tables (#8716)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/gcm-large-tables.txt

Features

>     * Add support for 8-bit GCM tables for Shoup's algorithm to speedup GCM operations.

Reviewer: FYI, on aarch64, I see around 21%

Features
    * Add support for 8-bit GCM tables for Shoup's algorithm to speedup GCM

>       operations when hardware accelerated AES is not present (27-34% on 64-bit
>       Intel, 125-127% on ARMv7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      operations when hardware accelerated AES is not present. Improves
      performance by around 30% on 64-bit Intel; 125% on Armv7-M.
```
